Document gmail smtp configuration (#3325)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/sending-emails.adoc

}
----

== Gmail specific configuration

> If you want to use the gmail smtp server, first, please create a dedicated password in `google account > security > application password` or go to https://myaccount.google.com/apppasswords 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the Gmail SMTP server, first create a dedicated password in `Google Account > Security > App passwords` or go to https://myaccount.google.com/apppasswords.
```

> When it done you can use it in your configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When done, you can configure your Quarkus application by adding the following properties to your `application.properties`: 
```

With TLS:

[source]
----
quarkus.mailer.from=YOUREMAIL@gmail.com
quarkus.mailer.host=smtp.gmail.com
quarkus.mailer.port=587
quarkus.mailer.start-tls=REQUIRED
quarkus.mailer.username=YOUREMAIL@gmail.com
quarkus.mailer.password=YOURGENERATEDAPPLICATIONPASSWORD
----

Or with SSL:

[source]
----
quarkus.mailer.from=YOUREMAIL@gmail.com
quarkus.mailer.host=smtp.gmail.com
quarkus.mailer.port=465

> quarkus.mailer.ssl=true

Reviewer 2: this will work only in combination with `quarkus.ssl.native=true` .

Author: I can add it in the doc but I propose to change `SslNativeConfigBuildItem` as a `MultiBuildItem` and produce them in the `MailerProcessor` if the `MailConfig.ssl` is enable ? Are you ok @gsmet @machi1990  ?
Else I just document it....

Reviewer: I added a note about the SSL support and will merge.

I wonder if we should enable SSL by default when the Mailer extension is used. @cescoffier WDYT?
